Added note for type stubs install (#606)
scipy/scipy.org: content/en/install.md

[static type stubs]: https://typing.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guides/libraries.html

{{< admonition tip >}}

> This is required for VSCode to provide typing hints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing type stubs may be required for
Interactive Development Environments (IDEs) to provide accurate type hints.
```
